My main goal for the year, and definitely the one I underestimated the most. I've worked as a "tech lead" at a previous company before, so when I was asked to take the role at Sky I thought I was going to smash it off the bat. As it turns out, the tech lead role I'd had before was little more than a glorified senior dev with reporting duties, so when faced with all the below responsibilities it was certainly a bit overwhelming. So what do I do as a Tech Lead at Sky?

- **Be a font of knowledge for Billing, and be able to direct to other sources where necessary**
  Having a Tech Lead role, I am first port of call for a lot of people both within the squad and outside for any questions around the technical solution, limitations and work. It requires being able to talk at low level, but also keep it simple for those less technical - _Scott is very knowledgable in all areas relating to the bill, he's a one stop shop for technical queries. Scott is also the main point of contact when we relay information back to the business, he has a great ability of explaining the technical in a simplified manner._ ([Tom Rose](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Tom%20Rose.md))
  
- **Be responsible for technical direction of the squads**
  One of the key reasons for this role being necessary was to keep the billing squads aligned with each other, and with the rest of the business. There has been a lot of innovation and sometimes some big changes happening, and a key part of my role has been spearheading a bunch of it. This is something that I do as part of the day to day work alongside the squads - _He's happy making big architectural decisions and these are always openly discussed with great thought and consideration. He also also listens to other peoples opinions and factors these in_ ([James Brining](/AND/P&P/Feedback/James%20Brining.md)). In addition, driving the technical roadmap also falls to me with me pushing for things such as Apollo/Node upgrades for performance, security and support point of view.
  
- **Advocate for and upskilling on engineering principals and standards**
  A personal favourite part of the role is being able to push and upskill the members of the team. As a tech lead, it is my responsibility to oversee and ensure the teams are following the engineering principals and I very quickly found visibility and understanding of what the principals actually are. This was something I worked on fairly early on in this role - _I've been really impressed by Scott's regular comms regarding design principles, where he shares a particular principle, providing suitable learning resources and outlining how the principle fits into our estate here at Sky_ ([Joseph Frankish](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Joseph%20Frankish.md))
  
- **Represent the team to stakeholders**
  Upon taking on this role, I knew I was going to be spending a lot of time working with external stakeholders and getting involved in upcoming work before the squad does. I was not prepared for how many people that was going to be though. Through managing the CX programme and Kerry work pieces there are two massively different sets of requirements, entirely separate groups of stakeholders and a large amount of work attending all the relevant planning events, but more importantly all the prep work for the events, the facilitation and networking with solution architects and designers. Once the plans are out of the way, it also falls to me to report on technical progress and liaise with everyone necessary to sort out any technical issues that arise. _I've been particularly impressed with Scott's ability to not only work closely with delivery stakeholders to build roadmaps for planning events, whilst providing technical steer on the complexity, but also on his ability to communicate these to the squad_ ([Joseph Frankish](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Joseph%20Frankish.md))

The biggest question though - What about the impact? _Because of his work the team are much better equipped to know how to handle the work that is coming_ ([Kevin Charles](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Kevin%20Charles.md)). My _leadership skills influence the developing members of the team, by encouraging them to widen their knowledge of the technical estate_ ([Emily Booth](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Emily%20Booth.md)). Finally, I'm de-risking and enabling strong programme plans by _thinking ahead and considering potentially blockers which could impact timelines_ ([Kelly Ho](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Kelly%20Ho.md))