The thing I am actually most proud of is being selected for the [Adams Spotlight](Adams%20Spotlight.md) as part of one of our BU updates. Within it, it highlights my move to tech lead at Sky and crucially the doors it has opened for the Billing teams. Even more so It acknowledges what I have done in the mental health space and the sometimes painful openness which I often don't consider as achievements.

On Sky, one of the major products which I have been heavily involved in is the Kerry project - expanding the Sky Mobile offering to ROI. I've supported the team with the work, with initial discussions began in January 23. Since then I have worked with the team and Senior Testers and we have delivered a mechanism by which to reliably and repeatably centrally mock out accounts and data in certain states. I've worked with solution designers and architects to get early sight and API spec sign-off, which were then used to create mocked test data to enable starting work before all dependencies are completely satisfied and iterating on the solution to hook up real data when it has been delivered.

Finally, I've managed to influence and change the squads mindset with how they approach collaboration with external teams to make it more agile and iterative, allowing us to start earlier, resulting in the delightful aspect - all of this has enabled us to move from a delivery plan with a low confidence delivery date of November 2024 to both massively increase confidence and pull delivery dates forward to July 2024 which even includes quite a comfortable testing buffer.