On a personal level, this past year has been immense. This was the year I finally accepted the fact that my brain works a bit different to most and that I have to learn how to deal with my ADHD effectively before I could even consider pushing myself any further. The journey itself has been long and tough, and I've been working hard to bring issues like what I face to the eyes of the club with the intent of helping us work to a [more inclusive culture](Contribution%20to%20Culture.md). But what have I actually done?

##### Time Management & Prioritisation
As a dev, and even as a senior dev this skill isn't actually massively important. You work through tickets one at a time, you drop into the meetings you're asked to attend. Taking on a tech lead role however, it is one of the most key things you need to be able to do. At the start of this year it became abundantly clear this certainly wasn't one of my strong points - it took me months to even get a regular call in with my career coach. I had just enough to be in all the places I needed to be, but not enough that I was able to do much outside the calls. Throughout the course of the year I've made a couple of major changes:
- "Only do what only you can do". A key piece of advice which has since become a motto for me. This tool means I can prioritise more effectively, and make sure that I am around where I am actually needed, but don't just turn up to everything I'm invited to if I am not actually needed. Iterating on that, I also started to influence behaviours of my team by questioning why I am needed for a thing, and now a lot of the people I work with directly feel empowered to take charge themselves and just report back to me while still feeling they can rely on me when my support is actually needed
- Motion Calendar. I also accepted that to be effective at managing time and prioritising I'm going to have to rely on tools to help me. This year I found a new tool - An AI backed calendar and task manager. I now focus on capturing work I need to do and deadlines effectively and input them into this tool. I can then free up my brain to deal with other things while still achieving everything I need to in my role by the time it needs doing, with the result being that I can effectively operate at the level I need to consistently
**But what about the impact?** I can _manage time well despite getting bombarded from multiple directions for info_([Stephen Allatt](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Stephen%20Allatt.md)), and _always makes himself available when anyone has any questions_ ([James Brining](/AND/P&P/Feedback/James%20Brining.md)). Sometimes though, there is genuinely a lot going on and landing at the same time, but an area I am hoping to influence going forward is increasing visibility and longer term planning where possible by _lean on \[PO, Scrum Master & Delivery Leads\] heavily for a longer look into the future and what is the key next priority_ ([Tom Rose](/AND/P&P/Feedback/Tom%20Rose.md)).