The past 15 months since my last P&P have been incredibly transformational for me. I left P&P last time very clear on my intentions and a series of goals which were going to set me up solidly for being able to take on a more leadership role on Sky or another client. What I did find though very quickly in the new year was I wasn't going to be able to do it, and thus my [Reset Year](Reset%20Year.md) was kicked off.

That covers the majority of my own personal growth, which was ultimately what has enabled me to now start to thrive on client. In July 2023 my role at Sky shifted again from the comfortable Senior Developer role I'd been doing for almost a year to taking on the role of Tech Lead for Billing. As tech lead, I was taken out of Jigglypuff and sat above both billing teams as a supporting function rather than directly delivering features. Finding my feet in this role was tough - I was just relearning myself how to deal with things like time management, context switching and management skills. The unstructured nature of the role and the lack of direct delivery output took me a while to get my head round but I've now successfully found a way of working with the SEM (& now EM), BA's and PO's representing the technical needs of the teams and influencing and shaping roadmaps and goals. The result? [Being a Kick-Ass Tech Lead](Being%20a%20Kick-Ass%20Tech%20Lead.md)

Theres one more major area which I've been doing a lot of work in this year, and thats Learning to be a Manager. A key long term aspiration of mine is to take on the mantle of a Squad Lead, and to be in a position whereby I am directly responsible for making sure our ANDi's get the best they can from AND, and we can get the best from them. This year I've started to get to grips with some of the stuff that is involved in doing that. 