So now that I've made it here what have I got coming up next? I have even more changes that I have identified that I want to make, and even more that I've yet to find. My plan as it stands though:

- This last year I've been 110% Sky and 10% AND which has allowed me to work on some of my primary goals, but has resulted in me being less an ANDi than I should be, and more invested in Sky. This next year I'm reining that in and giving myself more space to work on AND while still achieving everything I need to on client, and even operating consistently at more sustainable levels. How? Levelling up my delegation and management skills ensuring the things I'm responsible and accountable for still get done to the best possible quality, but ensuring its done by the people best placed to do it and not always me. Doing that will give me the capacity to involve myself more in AND at a club and COP level, with which I hope to share some of my learnings and help shape the club into something we can all get behind again.

- Reminding and equipping Sky to deal with the fact that I'm a contractor and not actually in it for the long haul. They are not currently in a position for me to roll off and be able to carry on without taking a serious hit at least in the knowledge space. Even if we keep the role and roll someone else into it, a tech lead position requires heavy investment and knowledge of the domain and is not a role which you can easily roll people in and out of.

- On a personal level, I'm still working through the vast amount of different approaches and tools available now to help me to succeed better in my current and future roles. I'll constantly be looking to improve my toolbox and have more things in there that work like how I need them to.