##### What impressed you about Scott Jones's performance?

Scott has stepped up this year across both client and squad. He was asked by Sky to help them improve the quality and speed of the delivery work within his and a partner squad by taking on a more senior role. This was a major win for AND and for Scott as Sky recognised the need for this from Scott, and that he was best placed to provide what they needed. This embodies the Equip part of the AND proposition as he is upskilling the other people in the leadership structure and showing them what good looks like. Within the AND squad, Scott consistently helps with setting the squad up to succeed by mentoring (both formally and informally) and offering his insights into how things could be done better. He offered himself up as a sounding board for me as a new ANDi and Squad Lead with a newly formed squad and has now extended his role into direct line management for 2 less experienced ANDis. He has actively sought out opportunities to develop into a leadership role, and asks for guidance and advice on a regular basis, but always positions this in a way that makes it clear that he's considered options first, which gives me confidence that he is approaching things in the right way and isn't looking to be told what to do. He has provided me with support and guidance personally, and I've found this invaluable in many situations. Scott also offers support and guidance to other ANDis and is clearly invested in their development and achievements, specifically Andy Jones who has benefitted greatly from Scott's influence, guidance and challenge. I couldn't ask for a more supportive squad member, aspiring leader or diligent person to have in my squad. I hope you take the time to reflect on what you've achieved this year and to look ahead into next year and to go after your goals, because you'll achieve them.

##### What do you think Scott Jones can improve?

Scott can really start using his influencing skills to a greater degree, either outwards to his peers within Sky and AND, or upwards into his stakeholders (again, within Sky and AND). Identifying what went well then sharing that will be key here. He has an opportunity to make himself a central part of Club Adams and to be recognised as such, which he's working on, but just needs to be a bit more obvious about it (which we've talked about and will gain momentum as the year progresses). We've also discussed exposure to the end to end delivery functions and to start exploring how Scott gets exposure to this which will bolster his already solid credibility, but will also give him career options more aligned to his personal goals. Solving more complex, strategic level problems will come with this type of experience, and all 3 areas for growth are mentioned here to help guide Scott's longer term career aspirations.